# Terminology



<table><thead><tr><th width="182.64374295377672">Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Learning Asset</td><td>An object that can be created and targeted to a group of users who can consume it in appropriate context of learning. This can be an individual object such as a worksheet, explanation content, course assessment that can be consumed, or it can be a collection of objects such as a Digital Textbook, Course etc.</td></tr><tr><td>Sourcing Organization</td><td>Organization that sources learning assets for their needs and publishes it for consumption. “Sourcing” of content includes all supply-side processes and management of learning assets, such as - creating, reviewing, assembling, modifying, publishing of any learning asset. Learning assets can be created in-house or sourced from external organization.</td></tr><tr><td>Contributor</td><td><p>Any organization or individual who creates and contributes learning assets that can be used by a sourcing organization for publishing and consumption. </p><p>Note: a contributor can contribute learning assets to multiple sourcing organizations.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Reviewer</td><td>A reviewer is an individual who reviews learning assets and approves/rejects/send back for corrections. Reviewer can belong to a contributing organization or a sourcing organization.</td></tr><tr><td>Sourcing Project</td><td>A sourcing project encapsulates a set of sourcing activities, typically for a set of common needs, and have an associated schedule to it.</td></tr><tr><td>Object</td><td>This is an internal representation (tech design) of a learning asset. Any learning asset is internally defined and stored as an object. An object type is defined by generalizing a set of attributes and behaviour.</td></tr><tr><td>Category</td><td>Category is an external representation of a learning asset that is defined based on specific domain/solution.</td></tr></tbody></table>
